Japan is an island country in East Asia and is roughly
9000 kilometres from North America.
Like many countries from around the world,
the drum has a very long history in Japanese Society.
In fact, it is believed the Japanese drum, or Wadaiko, or simply Taiko
has existed and was used in Japan over 2000 years ago.
Throughout Japan's history, the Taiko has played an important role
in the life and culture of the Japanese people.
During some of Japan's great wars almost 500 years ago
the Taiko would be beaten to energize the troops for battle,
to set the marching pace, and to encourage troops as they approached victory.
The Taiko's thunderous sound would also invoke fear into the enemies
on the other side of the battlefield.
The Taiko have always been used in religious ceremonies.
It is very common to find Taiko in holy places such as shrines and temples
where people go to pray.
From ancient times, Taiko were used to pray for a bountiful harvest
and to scare away evil spirits and pests that were harmful to the crops.
It was believed that by imitating the sound of thunder on the Taiko
the spirit of rain would be called into action.
At local festivals called Matsuri the Taiko were played in thanks for a bountiful crop
and villagers would enjoy dancing to the beat of the Taiko.
It has been said that ancient boundaries were determined
by the farthest distance one could hear the sound of the village Taiko.
It was believed that the Taiko were also used to send messages
to the villagers, such as signalling an approaching storm.
Even to this day, the Taiko can be seen and heard at traditional theatre performances
like Kabuki or Noh as well as at sumo wrestling tournaments.
So, are you ready to test your knowledge on what you just watched?
Here are three questions.
Let's begin!
What do you call a Japanese drum?
A. Kabuki, B. Taiko, C. Temple, or D. Matsuri?
If you chose "B. Taiko" you are correct!
Next.
How long has the Taiko existed in Japan for?
A. 200 years, B. 500 years, C. 1500 years, or D. 2000 years?
If you chose "D. 2000 years" you are correct!
Finally, which purpose was the Taiko not used for?
A. Encouraging troops on the battlefield, B Festivals,
C. To signal to the villagers that it was dinnertime, or D. Praying for rain and a rich harvest?
If you chose "C. To signal to the villagers that it was dinnertime" you are correct!
The Taiko were used in ancient villages to communicate things
like an approaching storm, but not to signal that it was dinnertime.
To learn about modern Taiko drumming, please watch your next video.